How can you tell if a pearl is real?
The Tooth Test – Rub the pearls lightly along the biting edge of your upper front teeth. If they feel slightly rough, sandy or gritty, it's likely they are cultured or natural pearls because of the layers of nacre that have formed over time. If they feel smooth or glassy, they are probably imitations.
What band has the most Grammys?
That night he also won the Best New Artist award. With a total of 22 Grammy Award, U2 has received the most awards of any group in history. Both the King of Pop and Santana hold the record for the most Grammys awarded in a single night.
When was Philadelphia the capital of the United States?
This mansion at 6th & Market Streets served as the presidential mansion of George Washington and John Adams, 1790–1800. Philadelphia served as the temporary capital of the United States, 1790–1800, while the Federal City was under construction in the District of Columbia.
Is the Sputnik still in orbit?
Sputnik 1 burned up on 4 January 1958, as it fell from orbit upon reentering Earth's atmosphere, after travelling about 70 million km (43.5 million miles) and spending 3 months in orbit. Before the launch[edit] Satellite construction project
Which amendment limits the president to two terms?
The Twenty-second Amendment of the United States Constitution sets a term limit for election to the office of President of the United States. Congress passed the amendment on March 21, 1947. It was ratified by the requisite number of states on February 27, 1951.
How long does it take to get a sunburn?
Sunburn can occur in less than 15 minutes, and in seconds when exposed to non-shielded welding arcs or other sources of intense ultraviolet light. Nevertheless, the inflicted harm is often not immediately obvious. After the exposure, skin may turn red in as little as 30 minutes but most often takes 2 to 6 hours.
How many islands are there in the Maldives?
The Maldives lies in two rows of atolls in the Indian Ocean, just across the equator. The country is made up of 1,190 coral islands formed around 26 natural ring-like atolls, spread over 90,000 square kilometers.
What is the boiling point of water at the top of Mount Everest?
The IUPAC recommended standard boiling point of water at a standard pressure of 100 kPa (1 bar) is 99.61 °C (211.3 °F). For comparison, on top of Mount Everest, at 8,848 m (29,029 ft) elevation, the pressure is about 34 kPa (255 Torr) and the boiling point of water is 71 °C (160 °F).
How are you related to your 2nd cousin?
Your child and your cousin's child are second cousins. You and the children of your parents' second cousins are third cousins and share at least one great-great-grandparent. And so on with the fourth, fifth, and sixth cousins. A relationship that is removed is one that exists in two different genealogical generations.
Where are apples indigenous?
The tree originated in Central Asia, where its wild ancestor, Malus sieversii, is still found today. Apples have been grown for thousands of years in Asia and Europe, and were brought to North America by European colonists.
Who helped us in the Revolutionary War?
In the American Revolutionary War (1775–1783), France fought alongside the United States, against Britain, in 1778. French money, munitions, soldiers and naval forces proved essential to America's victory over the Crown, but France gained little except large debts.
Who was the designer of the Olympic rings?
The primary symbol of the Olympic Games is composed of five interlocking rings, colored blue, yellow, black, green, and red on a white field, known as the "Olympic rings." The symbol was originally designed in 1912 by Baron Pierre de Coubertin, co-founder of the modern Olympic Games.
What is John Hancock famous for?
Born on this day in 1737, John Hancock is most famous for his bold signature. On August 2, 1776, he was the first member of the Continental Congress to sign the Declaration of Independence, the document first demanding independence for the United States from the rule of Great Britain.
How much water does a fire truck hold?
So I asked one of the firemen and this is what I learned: The typical truck holds 400 to 500 gallons of water, which is only enough to put out a "trash-bin fire" (or a taxi cab fire). A real structure fire requires at least one supply line from the hydrant.
Is the moon a planet or a star?
The Moon is neither a star or a planet, it is Earth's only natural satellite. Thought to have formed 4.5 billion years ago, scientists believe it is made from debris left from an impact between Earth and a large planet. It orbits our planet around once every four weeks, with one side of the Moon always facing Earth.
Why is it considered bad luck to open an umbrella indoors?
According to superstition, bad luck will “rain” on you if you open an umbrella indoors. One explanation comes from the days when umbrellas were used as protection from the sun; opening one inside was an insult to the sun god.
What year was livin on a prayer released?
"Livin' On A Prayer" reached #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the US in February 1987, and held the position for four weeks. Slippery When Wet, the 1986 album upon which "Livin' On A Prayer" appears, was Bon Jovi's best-selling album ever.
When did they start using high fructose corn syrup in soda?
On November 6, 1984, a bomb went off in the food industry that forever changed the course of consumption: Coca-Cola and Pepsi announced plans to stop using sugar in their soft drinks, instead replacing it with high fructose corn syrup.
Why is the ring of fire called the ring of fire?
The area encircling the Pacific Ocean is called the "Ring of Fire," because its edges mark a circle of high volcanic and seismic activity (earthquakes). Most of the active volcanoes on Earth are located on this circumference.
Why do radio stations end in odd numbers?
FM radio stations all transmit in a band between 88 megahertz (millions of cycles per second) and 108 megahertz. This band of frequencies is completely arbitrary and is based mostly on history and whim. Inside that band, each station occupies a 200-kilohertz slice, and all of the slices start on odd number boundaries.
Search Results
What country's language is Farsi?
Western Persian (Persian, Iranian Persian, or Farsi) is spoken in Iran, and by minorities in Iraq and the Persian Gulf states. Eastern Persian (Dari Persian, Afghan Persian, or Dari) is spoken in Afghanistan. Tajiki (Tajik Persian) is spoken in Tajikistan and Uzbekistan.
Who was Oprah named after?
Oprah Winfrey's first name was supposed to be Orpah, after Ruth's sister-in-law in the Bible, but it was misspelled Oprah on her birth certificate. The name stuck. Oprah Winfrey was taught to read at age 3 by her grandmother, helping her develop her knack for public speaking.
When did Sir Edmund Barton Become Prime Minister?
Barton was appointed Prime Minister by Governor General Lord Hopetoun on 1 January 1901. He resigned from the position as Prime Minister in September 1903, because of health concerns. He then became a High Court Judge, a post he held till his death on 7 January 1920.
What does the Mercedes logo stand for?
The Mercedes-Benz logo is one of those meaningful ones. In 1926, Emil Jellinek, Gottlieb Daimler, and Carl Benz founded what would become one of the world's foremost luxury car companies. The logo is a three-pronged star meant to symbolize universal motorization. The three prongs stand for land, water and air.
Is it possible to fire a gun in space?
Fires can't burn in the oxygen-free vacuum of space, but guns can shoot. Modern ammunition contains its own oxidizer, a chemical that will trigger the explosion of gunpowder, and thus the firing of a bullet, wherever you are in the universe. No atmospheric oxygen required.
Who was the tallest person in history?
The tallest man in medical history for whom there is irrefutable evidence is Robert Pershing Wadlow (USA) (born 6:30 a.m. at Alton, Illinois, USA on 22 February 1918), who when last measured on 27 June 1940, was found to be 2.72 m (8 ft 11.1 in) tall.
When was Abraham Lincoln alive?
Abraham Lincoln - Mini Biography (TV-14; 03:54) Abraham Lincoln grew up in a log cabin in rural Kentucky and went on to become the 16th President of the United States. On January 1, 1863, he issued the Emancipation Proclamation abolishing slavery. He was assassinated on April 15, 1865.
You can use “hey” and “hi” to greet someone instead of “hello”. Both are particularly popular among younger people. While “hi” is appropriate to use in any casual situation, “hey” is for people who have already met. If you say “hey” to a stranger, it might be confusing for that person because he or she will try to remember when you met before! You can also add “man” to the end of “hey” when greeting males. Some people also use “hey man” to casually greet younger women, but only do this if you know the woman very well. Remember that “hey” doesn’t always mean “hello”. “Hey” can also be used to call for someone’s attention.
These are casual ways of asking “how are you?” If you’re trying to be particularly polite, stick with “how are you?” but otherwise, you can use these expressions to greet almost anyone.  The word “going” is usually shortened, so it sounds more like “go-in”. You can answer with “it’s going well” or “I’m doing well” depending on the question.  Although it’s not grammatically correct, most people just answer “good” – and you can too. Like when responding to “how are you?” you can also follow your answer by asking “and you?”.
These are some other informal ways of asking “how are you?” which are typically used to casually greet someone you have met before. Most people answer with “nothing” or “not much”.  Or, if it feels right to make small talk, you could also briefly describe anything new or interesting that’s going on in your life, before asking “what about you?” to continue
These are some other common ways of asking “how are you?” They can be used to casually greet anyone, but most often they’re used to greet someone you already know. To these, you can answer “good” or “not bad”. Again, if small talk feels appropriate, you could also briefly share any interesting news about your life, and then ask the person “what about you?” or another greeting question.
These questions mean “how are you?” not just right now, but how you’ve been all day. You would use these greetings later in the day and with someone you see regularly. For example, you might ask a co-worker one of these questions in the afternoon, or a cashier that you see at the grocery store every evening. “It’s going well” is the grammatically correct response, but many people simply answer with “fine”, “good” or “alright”. By the way, notice that “good”, “fine” or “not bad” are perfect answers to almost any greeting question.
These casual greetings are used with friends, co-workers or family members that you haven’t seen in a while. It’s common for close friends to hug when they greet each other, particularly if they haven’t seen each other in some time; so you might use this greeting along with a hug or handshake depending on your relationship with the person.
These casual greetings are used when you haven’t seen someone in a long time, particularly if you meet that person unexpectedly. How much is a long time? It depends on how often you normally see that person. For example, you could use one of these greetings if you normally see the person every week, but then don’t see them for a few months or more. Usually, these phrases are followed with a question like “how are you”, “how have you been?” or “what’s new?”
It’s best to begin by using formal greetings in most business situations, and then listen to how your co-workers or business partners greet you. It’s a good idea to wait until someone speaks casually with you before you speak casually with them. You may find that people will begin to use casual greetings with you over time, as you get to know each other better. Formal greetings are also used when you meet older people.
These are formal ways of saying “hello”, which change depending on the time of day.  Keep in mind that “good night” is only used to say “good bye”, so if you meet someone late in the day, remember to greet them with “good evening”, rather than “good night”. Good morning can be made more casual by simply saying “morning”.  You can also use “afternoon” or “evening” as informal greetings, but these are less commonly used.
These greetings are formal and polite. If you say this to someone when you meet him or her for the first time, it will make you seem courteous. Remember to only use these greetings the first time you meet someone. Next time you see the person you can show that you remember him or her by saying “it’s nice to see you again”.
This greeting question is only asked by people who have already met. If someone asks you “how have you been?” they want to know if you have been well since the last time the two of you met.
This greeting is VERY formal, and quite uncommon, but it may still be used by some older people. The proper response is “I’m doing well” or, as strange as it seems, some people even ask “how do you do?” right back as an answer.
Slang greetings are extremely informal, and should only be used with people that you know very well, and feel very comfortable with. Keep in mind that a lot of slang is regional, and using Australian slang, for example, in America can sound quite strange. You’ll need to learn the local slang wherever you are, but these common examples will help you get started.
This extremely informal greeting is common in America. It comes from 1990’s hip-hop slang and these days it’s often used jokingly. This greeting should only be used with very close friends, and never in a business setting.
This casual way of asking both “hello” and “how are you” is common in Britain. You can respond “yeah, fine”, or simply “alright”.
This is a very informal abbreviation of “how do you do?” that is common in certain parts of Canada and the U.S. Keep in mind that if you say “howdy” outside of these regions, you will sound like a cowboy, and it might make the other person laugh.
These greetings are abbreviations of “what’s up?” which are common among teenagers. Like with “what’s up?” you can answer “nothing” or “not much”.
This casual greeting is an Australian abbreviation of “good day”.  Keep in mind that Australian greetings often use “ya” instead of “you”. So “how are ya?” is the same as “how are you?”, and “how are ya going?” is basically the same as “how’s it going?” or “how are you doing?”
This greeting, short for “how are you?”, is commonly used in certain parts of England. However, you don’t need to actually answer this question – you can just say “hey!” right back.
I hope you enjoy trying out these new English greetings. You’ll find that greeting people in different ways will help your English sound more natural, and it might even make English greetings more fun and interesting for you.
It’s the first word you learn in any new language, the basic sign of welcome that shows your intent to talk to someone. Most likely, you learned the basic English greetings before you even started investing time in your language skills. But if you want to make the most of your first impression, there are a ton of more colourful ways to say “hello”.
Do you want to know the most professional way to greet colleagues on a video call? Some slang terms to begin a text to your little cousin? Or a specifically British-English “hello” to amuse the bus driver on your next trip to London? This ultimate list will guide you through the words and phrases to greet anyone in English with confidence.
Which planet is made of ice?
Neptune, like Uranus, is one of the two outer planets known as an "ice giant." Made up of more ices than Jupiter and Saturn, the chilly body almost seems to be in a class by itself. Different images emphasize the features on Neptune.
When was the first Melbourne Cup run?
The first Melbourne Cup was run in 1861 at Flemington Race Course and was won by Archer, a horse from Nowra, New South Wales, beating the local favourite, Mormon. The prize was a gold watch and 170.
Which came first coke or Dr Pepper?
Oddly enough, Coca-Cola, the world's most recognized soft drink, was introduced in 1886 – one year later than a multi-flavored carbonated concoction called Dr Pepper. In 1885, a pharmacist named Charles Alderton was experimenting with several fruit-based flavors at the soda fountain and came up with a new drink.
Who sings the song come as you are?
Evan Peters, who plays the character of 'Lobster Boy' Jimmy Darling, sang a haunting version of Nirvana's 'Come as You Are' while backed by a band of fellow freaks. Though the fourth season of 'American Horror Story' is set in 1952, the show has bent time to feature modern music.
What does the term brownie points mean?
Brownie points in modern usage are a hypothetical social currency, which can be acquired by doing good deeds or earning favor in the eyes of another, often one's superior. In New Zealand slang, the expression also carries the derisory connotation of having accomplished something petty or otherwise unimportant.
Is there a difference between buffalo and bison?
Early American settlers called bison “bufello” due to the similar appearance between the two animals, and the name "buffalo" stuck for the American variety. But it's wrong. The American bison (Bison bison) lives only in North America, while the two main buffalo species reside in Africa and Asia.
What year were sunglasses invented?
Inexpensive mass-produced sunglasses were introduced to America by Sam Foster in 1929. Foster found a ready market on the beaches of Atlantic City, New Jersey, where he began selling sunglasses under the name Foster Grant from a Woolworth on the Boardwalk.
Who invented the sunshine recorder?
The Campbell–Stokes recorder (sometimes called a Stokes sphere) is a kind of sunshine recorder. It was invented by John Francis Campbell in 1853 and modified in 1879 by Sir George Gabriel Stokes. The original design by Campbell consisted of a glass sphere set into a wooden bowl with the sun burning a trace on the ...
Is there a difference between buffalo and bison?
Early American settlers called bison “bufello” due to the similar appearance between the two animals, and the name "buffalo" stuck for the American variety. But it's wrong. The American bison (Bison bison) lives only in North America, while the two main buffalo species reside in Africa and Asia.
What galaxy is the planet Earth in?
Earth is located in one of the spiral arms of the Milky Way (called the Orion Arm) which lies about two-thirds of the way out from the center of the Galaxy. Here we are part of the Solar System - a group of eight planets, as well as numerous comets and asteroids and dwarf planets which orbit the Sun.
How many gallons of water are in Lake Superior?
In the area west of Marquette, Michigan. Water Volume: 3,000,000,000,000,000 gallons of 440 trillion cubic feet or 10% of the world's fresh water. Enough to flood North and South America to one foot deep. See story about Lake Superior ice coverage March 2009.
What year was the Canadian flag made?
1957 version of the Canadian Red Ensign that had evolved as the de facto national flag until 1965. The Great Canadian Flag Debate (or Great Flag Debate) took place in 1963 and 1964 when a new design for the national flag of Canada was chosen.
When was the first highway built in the US?
The Dwight D. Eisenhower System of Interstate and Defense Highways is dated from June 29, 1956 - the day President Eisenhower signed the Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1956. On Aug. 2, 1956, Missouri became the first state to award a contract with the new interstate construction funding.
When did the astronauts walk on the moon?
They also had to come back to Earth safely. Apollo 11 blasted off on July 16, 1969. Neil Armstrong, Edwin "Buzz" Aldrin and Michael Collins were the astronauts on Apollo 11. Four days later, Armstrong and Aldrin landed on the moon.
Do otters hold hands when they sleep?
Otters are known to hold hands in groups - called a raft - while they eat, sleep and rest, to prevent families losing each other. The furry animals, the largest member of the weasel family, are even known to wrap sea plants around them to secure the bond.
What do the four stars of the Chicago flag represent?
The bottom blue stripe represents the South Branch of the river and the canal. The four six-pointed red stars represent major historical events: Fort Dearborn, the Great Chicago Fire of 1871, the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893, and the Century of Progress Exposition of 1933–34.
What does the term brownie points mean?
Brownie points in modern usage are a hypothetical social currency, which can be acquired by doing good deeds or earning favor in the eyes of another, often one's superior. In New Zealand slang, the expression also carries the derisory connotation of having accomplished something petty or otherwise unimportant.
What kind of meat is spam made out of?
Spam is a canned precooked meat product made by the Hormel Foods Corporation, first introduced in 1937. The labeled ingredients in the classic variety of Spam are chopped pork shoulder meat, with ham meat added, salt, water, modified potato starch as a binder, sugar, and sodium nitrite as a preservative.
What animals change colors?
Furthermore, odds are that when you do see a chameleon change its color, it's probably trying to broadcast its mood rather than evade predators. Nevertheless, the animal kingdom is filled with amazing color-changers, several of which dramatically outdo the chameleon clan in the skill of rapid-fire camouflage.
What is the country of Brazzaville?
In order to distinguish between the two African countries with "Congo" in their names, the Republic of the Congo is sometimes called Congo-Brazzaville, as opposed to Congo-Kinshasa (the Democratic Republic of the Congo, known from 1971 to 1997 as Zaire, the capital of which is Kinshasa).
How many dreams does the average person have in one night?
The average person has about 3 to 5 dreams per night, but some may have up to 7 dreams in one night. The dreams tend to last longer as the night progresses. During a full 8-hour night sleep, two hours of it is spent dreaming. It is not at all unusual for a person to have more than one dream per night.
How many cards are in a rook deck?
The Rook deck consists of 57 cards: a blue Rook Bird card, similar to a joker, and 56 cards divided into four suits or colors. Each suit—black, red, yellow, and green—is made up of cards numbered one through fourteen.
Is the tongue a muscle or an organ?
The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth. The tongue is covered with moist, pink tissue called mucosa. Tiny bumps called papillae give the tongue its rough texture. Thousands of taste buds cover the surfaces of the papillae.
Which country has hosted the most Olympics?
London has become the first city to have hosted three Games as of the 2012 Summer Olympics. The United States has hosted a total of eight Olympic Games, more than any other country, followed by France with five editions. Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, and the United Kingdom have each hosted three Games.
How many pandas are there in the United States?
There are 12 giant pandas in captivity in the United States, housed at the zoos in Atlanta, Memphis, San Diego and Washington. Zoo Atlanta and the San Diego Zoo have two cubs each. The youngest cub was born in San Diego in July.
When was America colonized?
When the London Company sent out its first expedition to begin colonizing Virginia on December 20, 1606, it was by no means the first European attempt to exploit North America. In 1564, for example, French Protestants (Huguenots) built a colony near what is now Jacksonville, Florida.
How many miles do you put on a car in a year?
Annual mileage is going to be different for everyone. Granny Smith may only put 3,000 miles a year on her Buick driving to and from church, but a traveling businessperson could easily rack up 30,000 miles in a year. 2004 U.S. Census data lists passenger cars as traveling an average of 12,500 miles per year.
When was the first digital watch invented?
On April 4, 1972, the Pulsar was finally ready, made in 18-carat gold and sold for $2,100. It had a red light-emitting diode (LED) display. Digital LED watches were very expensive and out of reach to the common consumer until 1975, when Texas Instruments started to mass-produce LED watches inside a plastic case.
How many eyes does an iguana have?
The green iguana has a 'third-eye' called a parietial eye, in the middle of its forehead. This does not function in the same way as its two side eyes, but enables it to detect movement, especially from above, to help it avoid predators.
How many songs can 8 gb hold?
According to Apple, the 8GB iPod can hold up to 2,000 songs, up to 7,000 photos, up to 8 hours of video. There is another thread that had more technical and link probably to different file formats. And 800 high quality audio files of 3-4 minutes each. That depends on several things.
Search Results
What is a three dog night mean?
three-dog night. So cold you would need three dogs in bed with you to keep warm. Many sources suggest that the origin is from the Australian outback. Most of these are providing the origin of the name of a rock band of the same name (see below) so they may not be authoritative.
How many miles are in a league?
On land, the league was most commonly defined as three miles, though the length of a mile could vary from place to place and depending on the era. At sea, a league was three nautical miles (about 5.6 km).
Why are there 13 stripes on the US flag?
The 50 stars on the flag represent the 50 states of the United States of America and the 13 stripes represent the thirteen British colonies that declared independence from the Kingdom of Great Britain and became the first states in the Union.
What percent of a watermelon is actually water?
You are looking for a firm, symmetrical watermelon that is free from bruises, cuts or dents. The watermelon should be heavy for it's size. Watermelon is 92% water, most of the weight is water. The underside of the watermelon should have a creamy yellow spot from where it sat on the ground and ripened in the sun.
Are Franklin and Teddy Roosevelt brothers?
While many Americans may assume that President Franklin D. Roosevelt (1933-1945) was the son of Theodore Roosevelt (1901-1909), the two former presidents who led the country three decades apart were actually fifth cousins. Their closest tie was FDR's wife Eleanor who was also the niece of President Theodore Roosevelt.
How long does a caterpillar stay in a cocoon?
The process from egg to butterfly is weather dependent and also depends on the regional climate. It can take about four weeks in the peak of the summer in warmer climates. The egg takes 5 to 10 days, the larva/caterpillar and pupa/chrysalis each take about 10 to 14 days.
When did the stegosaurus live?
They lived during the Late Jurassic period (Kimmeridgian to early Tithonian), some 155 to 150 million years ago in what is now western North America. In 2006, a specimen of Stegosaurus was announced from Portugal, showing that they were present in Europe as well.
How many albums did Tupac sell after he died?
Shakur has sold over 75 million records worldwide, with the bulk of that coming after his death; seven of his 11 platinum albums were released posthumously. As recently as 2007 Shakur's estate banked $9 million–more than Eminem or 50 Cent made last year.
What percentage of Icelanders believe in elves?
Though Jónsdóttir's belief in elves may sound extreme, it is fairly common for Icelanders to at least entertain the possibility of their existence. In one 1998 survey, 54.4 percent of Icelanders said they believed in the existence of elves.
How many balls are there on a pool table?
There are seven solid-colored balls numbered 1 through 7, seven striped balls numbered 9 through 15, an 8 ball , and a cue ball . The balls are usually colored as follows: 1 and 9: yellow. 2 and 10: blue.
What kind of animal is Goofy?
Goofy is a funny animal cartoon character created in 1932 at Walt Disney Productions. Goofy is a tall, anthropomorphic dog, and typically wears a turtle neck and vest, with pants, shoes, white gloves, and a tall hat originally designed as a rumpled fedora.
Search Results
How high is Calgary above sea level?
Calgary's elevation is approximately 1,048 m (3,438 ft) above sea level downtown, and 1,084 m (3,557 ft) at the airport. The city proper covers a land area of 726.5 km2 (280.5 sq mi) (as of 2006) and as such exceeds the land area of the City of Toronto.
Which country has the most camels in the world?
The Bactrian camel is, as of 2010, reduced to an estimated 1.4 million animals, most of which are domesticated. The only truly wild Bactrian camels, of which there are less than one thousand, are thought to inhabit the Gobi Desert in China and Mongolia. The largest population of feral camels is in Australia.
How many different types of trees are there in the world?
There are about 750 types of trees in North America and about 100,000 in the world. Many of those are endangered. Those numbers count both conifer (cone bearing) trees and deciduous trees. You can find the names of many conifers on this site ... just click Tree Types in the Elementary section.
When was the first motion picture with sound?
Vitaphone, as this system was now called, was publicly introduced on August 6, 1926, with the premiere of the nearly three-hour-long Don Juan; the first feature-length movie to employ a synchronized sound system of any type throughout, its soundtrack contained a musical score and added sound effects, but no recorded ...
What country in the world has the most tornadoes?
Other locations that experience frequent tornado occurrences include northern Europe, western Asia, Bangladesh, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, China, South Africa, and Argentina. In fact, the United Kingdom has more tornadoes, relative to its land area, than any other country.
Search Results
Is Antarctica a desert and why?
Despite its thick ice, Antarctica is classified as a desert because so little moisture falls from the sky. The inner regions of the continent receive an average of 2 inches (50 millimeters) of precipitation—primarily in the form of snow—each year. More rain falls in the Sahara desert.
When was Hearst Castle built?
Hearst Castle is a National and California Historical Landmark mansion located on the Central Coast of California, United States. It was designed by architect Julia Morgan between 1919 and 1947 for newspaper magnate William Randolph Hearst, who died in 1951.
How did the city of Atlanta get its name?
Gov. Lumpkin asked them to name it after his daughter, instead, and Terminus became Marthasville. In 1845, the Chief Engineer of the Georgia Railroad, (J. Edgar Thomson) suggested that Marthasville be renamed to "Atlantica-Pacifica", which was quickly shortened to "Atlanta."
Which country gives the UK a Christmas tree every year?
The Trafalgar Square Christmas tree has been an annual gift to the people of Britain by the city of Oslo each year since 1947 as a token of gratitude for British support of Norway during the Second World War.
What is a flapper?
Flappers were a "new breed" of young Western women in the 1920s who wore short skirts, bobbed their hair, listened to jazz, and flaunted their disdain for what was then considered acceptable behavior.
How many miles do you put on a car in a year?
Annual mileage is going to be different for everyone. Granny Smith may only put 3,000 miles a year on her Buick driving to and from church, but a traveling businessperson could easily rack up 30,000 miles in a year. 2004 U.S. Census data lists passenger cars as traveling an average of 12,500 miles per year.
Why is it called a tennis bracelet?
Tennis bracelets got their unusual name from an incident involving Chris Evert during a US Open match in 1987. Chris had been wearing an expensive bracelet featuring an inline string of individually-set diamonds. When the clasp snapped, she asked the officials to stop the match until the jewelry could be found.
What town was Woodstock in?
It was held at Max Yasgur's 600-acre (240 ha; 0.94 sq mi) dairy farm in the Catskills near the hamlet of White Lake in the town of Bethel, New York, from August 15 to August 18, 1969. Bethel, in Sullivan County, is 43 miles (69 km) southwest of the town of Woodstock, New York, in adjoining Ulster County.
Where did Elvis go to high school?
Elvis Aaron Presley was born on January 8, 1935 in East Tupelo, Mississippi.He had a twin brother that was a still born. In September 1948 when Elvis was 13, he and his parents moved to Memphis, Tennessee where he attended Humes Highschool.
Who made up the Pledge of Allegiance?
The Pledge of Allegiance. The Pledge of Allegiance was written in August 1892 by the socialist minister Francis Bellamy (1855-1931). It was originally published in The Youth's Companion on September 8, 1892.
What speed are most vinyl records?
Vinyl records are produced to be played at one of three speeds: 33 1/3 RPM, 45 RPM, and 78 RPM. You will almost never deal with 78 RPM records, so don't worry about that. Most full-size 12-inch records will be 33 1/3 RPM, though some — mainly EPs and maxi-singles — will be at 45 RPM.
What is Ro Sham Bo?
Connections to the French surname Rochambeau are a folk etymology. (as three words, ro sham bo) the syllables called out by players of Rock Paper Scissors to synchronize their timing. To play a game of roshambo in order to decide a point of contention.
How deep is the Grand Canyon in Arizona?
The Grand Canyon is 277 miles (446 km) long, up to 18 miles (29 km) wide and attains a depth of over a mile (6,000 feet or 1,800 meters).
How long is a giraffe pregnant for?
The average gestation period for giraffe is approximately 15 months (453-464 days). Giraffe give birth in a 'calving ground' and mothers will often return to where they were born to have their own babies.
How old was Marie Antoinette when she married?
Born in Vienna, Austria, in 1755, Archduchess Marie Antoinette was the 15th and last child of Holy Roman Emperor Francis I and the powerful Habsburg Empress Maria Theresa. 2. She was only 14 years old when she married the future Louis XVI.
What law was passed as a result of the Jungle?
Within months, two pieces of legislation resulted from Sinclair's novel: The Pure Food and Drug Act and the Meat Inspection Act, both signed into law on June 30th, 1906. Sinclair was an instant celebrity and a Socialist hero, and was finally financially stable.
What president was on the 1000 dollar bill?
However, the Treasury also issued larger denominations. They featured William McKinley ($500), Grover Cleveland ($1,000), James Madison ($5,000), and Salmon P. Chase ($10,000).
How did Lynyrd Skynyrd get its name?
Leonard Skinner, the school basketball coach who inspired the name of Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd after telling its members their hair was too long, has died aged 77. Mr Skinner died in his sleep at the St. Catherine Laboure Manor in Jacksonville, Florida, where he had been living for about a year.
When did the first microwaves come out?
Raytheon later licensed its patents for a home-use microwave oven that was first introduced by Tappan in 1955, but these units were still too large and expensive for general home use. The countertop microwave oven was first introduced in 1967 by the Amana Corporation, which was acquired in 1965 by Raytheon.
How many frets are on a guitar?
The pitch of each consecutive fret is defined at a half-step interval on the chromatic scale. Standard classical guitars have 19 frets and electric guitars between 21 and 24 frets, although guitars have been made with as many as 27 frets. Frets are laid out to accomplish an equal tempered division of the octave.
Where was pizza from?
Supposedly, this pizza was first created by the baker Raffaele Esposito in Naples. His creation was immediately a favorite, and Esposito was called to make a pizza for the visit of King Umberto and Queen Margherita of Italy in 1889.
How many cantatas did bach write?
Bach wrote more than 200 cantatas, of which many have survived. In the Bach-Werke-Verzeichnis (BWV), Wolfgang Schmieder assigned them each a number within groups: 1–200 (sacred cantatas), 201–216 (secular cantatas), 217–224 (cantatas where Bach's authorship is doubtful).
How did Elvis get his name?
Elvis was named after his father, Vernon Elvis Presley, and Mr. Presley's good friend in Tupelo, Aaron Kennedy. Aron was the spelling the Presleys chose, apparently to make it similar to the middle name of Elvis' stillborn identical twin, Jesse Garon Presley.
How long is the earth's circumference?
The circumference of Earth at the equator is about 24,902 miles (40,075 km), but from pole-to-pole — the meridional circumference — Earth is only 24,860 miles (40,008 km) around. This shape, caused by the flattening at the poles, is called an oblate spheroid.
Do babies have kneecaps when they are born?
As such, it takes a little longer than some bones to, well, become bone. Although it doesn't show up on X-rays, your baby does in fact have kneecaps. They're just not bony kneecaps. At birth, these kneecaps are still cartilage, and remain so for a few years.
What percentage of water is in our bodies?
By one year of age, that amount drops to about 65%. In adult men, about 60% of their bodies are water. However, fat tissue does not have as much water as lean tissue. In adult women, fat makes up more of the body than men, so they have about 55% of their bodies made of water.
What type of cloud is a tornado formed in?
A: Most tornadoes form beneath the cumulonimbus clouds of thunderstorms, quite often the large, long-lasting thunderstorms called supercells. Cumulonimbus clouds can be very tall, having bases in the lower troposphere and strong updrafts that carry moisture into middle and upper levels of the troposphere.
Where do the Eskimos come from?
Two main groups have historically been referred to as Eskimos by outsiders: the Yupik and Inuit. A third group, the Aleut, is closely related. The two main peoples known as "Eskimo" are the Inuit of northern Alaska, Canada, and Greenland and the Yupik of Central Alaska and Siberia.
Which country has the most islands in the world?
The five main archipelagos are Indonesia, Japan, the Philippines, New Zealand, and the British Isles. The largest archipelagic state in the world, by area and population, is Indonesia. The archipelago with the most islands is the Archipelago Sea in Finland.
Which explorer discovered the Hawaiian Islands?
On January 18, 1778, the English explorer Captain James Cook becomes the first European to discover the Hawaiian Islands when he sails past the island of Oahu.
What do you call a male chicken?
Chicken is genderless, hen is the female, rooster is male, and chick refers to the younglings (of either sex). Cock is short for cockerel. When a cockerel is part of a group of hens (roost) to encourage egg laying, it's called a rooster.
Is NACL table salt?
Sodium chloride, also known as salt, common salt, table salt or halite, is an ionic compound with the formula NaCl, representing equal proportions of sodium and chlorine. Sodium chloride is the salt most responsible for the salinity of the ocean and of the extracellular fluid of many multicellular organisms.
When did the original Little Mermaid come out?
The Little Mermaid is an animated film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and first released on November 14, 1989 by Walt Disney Pictures. The twenty-eighth animated feature in the Disney animated feature canon, the film is based upon the Hans Christian Andersen short story "The Little Mermaid."
When will the Queen be the longest reigning monarch?
Her Majesty remains the world's Longest reigning living queen and will, on 9 September 2015, become the Longest reigning British monarch ever when she surpasses Queen Victoria's reign of 63 years, seven months and three days.
When is Cinco de Mayo celebrated in US?
Cinco de Mayo is annually observed on May 5. It celebrates the defeat of the French army during the Battle of Puebla (Batalla de Puebla) in Mexico on May 5, 1862. It is not to be confused with Mexico's Independence Day. Cinco de Mayo is a day of Mexican pride and heritage.
How many minutes do you boil an egg?
Cook for a further minute if you like your soft boiled eggs a little firmer. For a hard-boiled egg, start the egg in cold water and bring up to the boil. Once the water is gently boiling, set the timer for between 7-10 minutes depending on how well cooked you like your eggs.
Is the Big Dipper an asterism?
The Big Dipper is one of the most well-known and easily spotted collection of stars in the Northern Hemisphere, and although it is often mistaken to be a constellation, it is merely an asterism. It consists of seven bright stars and is part of the constellation Ursa Major or Great Bear.
Who is on the one thousand dollar bill?
The $1,000 bill featured Grover Cleveland on the obverse and the words "One Thousand Dollars" on the reverse. It was printed as a small-size Federal Reserve Note in 1918, 1934 and 1934A, and a small-size Gold Certificate in 1928 and 1934.
Can babies breathe through their mouths?
Newborns are "obligate nose breathers." This means they can't breathe through their mouths in the first few months of life. Because babies have small nasal passages, they sound stuffy when they breathe.
How much money did the cast of friends make?
The stars were paid $75,000 per episode in season three, $85,000 in season four, $100,000 in season five, $125,000 in season six, $750,000 in seasons seven and eight, and $1 million in seasons nine and ten, making Aniston, Cox, and Kudrow the highest paid TV actresses of all-time.
Where did the word cookies come from?
The word “cookie” comes from the Dutch “koekjes” which came from the Dutch “koek”, meaning “cake”; cookie was introduced to English in the very early 18th century. It is thought this term caught on more in the United States due to the strong Dutch heritage in early America.
How large is an oil barrel?
One barrel contains 42 gallons of crude oil from which, in the U.S., typically 19 gallons of gasoline are produced. In California, “additional other petroleum products such as alkylates” are added to the crude to create a “processing gain,” such that:
What fruit does the cashew come from?
The top end of the cashew apple is attached to the stem that comes off the tree. The bottom end of the cashew apple attaches to the cashew nut, which is encased in a shell. In botanical terms, the cashew apple is an accessory fruit that grows on the cashew seed (which is the nut).
How many thoughts does a person have in a day?
When our awareness is not covered in the details of life, we feel more of the heart of life, including the heart of one another. Here we discover and open the many gifts of our relationship. When we have between 50,000-70,000 thoughts per day, this means between 35 and 48 thoughts per minute per person.
How much money do MLB umpires make in a year?
According to MLB.com, Major League Baseball umpires get around $120,000 when they start out in the big leagues, and senior umps can earn upwards of $300,000. Between spring training, a 162-game schedule, and the postseason, being an MLB ump is a job that takes up most of the year.
How does a lunar eclipse occur?
Solar and lunar eclipses are dependent on the alignment of the sun, moon and Earth. When the moon is aligned exactly between the Earth and the sun, the shadow of the moon blocks the sun from view. A lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes into the shadow of the Earth.
Is north America and south America one continent?
Depending on the convention and model, some continents may be consolidated or subdivided: for example, Eurasia is most often subdivided into Europe and Asia (red shades), while North and South America are sometimes recognized as one American continent (green shades).
Which teams have never been to a Super Bowl?
The Minnesota Vikings and the Buffalo Bills, who have both been to four Super Bowls, have come away with zero championships. And then there's four franchises -- the Cleveland Browns, Detroit Lions, Houston Texans, and Jacksonville Jaguars -- who have never been to the Super Bowl.
How many Stephen King books are there?
King has published fifty novels, including seven under the pen name Richard Bachman, and five non-fiction books. He has written nearly two hundred short stories, most of which have been collected in nine collections of short fiction. Many of his stories are set in his home state of Maine.
What kind of fruit do cashews come from?
However, 'cashew apples' are not actually fruits in a scientific sense; the real fruit of the cashew tree is the kidney-shaped formation growing at the end. These fruits, also called drupes, are harvested and become what we know as a cashew nut.
How long does a dollar bill last?
That depends on the denomination of the note. A $1 bill lasts 18 months; $5 bill, two years; $10 bill, three years; $20 bill, four years; and $50 and $100 bills, nine years. Bills that get worn out from everyday use are taken out of circulation and replaced.
What year did Woodstock take place?
It was held at Max Yasgur's 600-acre (240 ha; 0.94 sq mi) dairy farm in the Catskills near the hamlet of White Lake in the town of Bethel, New York, from August 15 to August 18, 1969. Bethel, in Sullivan County, is 43 miles (69 km) southwest of the town of Woodstock, New York, in adjoining Ulster County.
What does HMS stand for on a ship?
Naval prefixes came into use as abbreviations for longer titles, such as "His/Her Majesty's Ship" in the Royal Navy, abbreviated "H.M.S." and then "HMS".
What is the purpose of a caboose?
A caboose is a manned North American rail transport vehicle coupled at the end of a freight train. Cabooses provided shelter for crew at the end of a train, who were required for switching and shunting, and to keep a lookout for load shifting, damage to equipment and cargo, or overheating axles (hot boxes).
Is the North Star the brightest star in the sky?
Polaris (α UMi, α Ursae Minoris, Alpha Ursae Minoris, commonly North Star, Northern Star or Pole Star, also Lodestar, sometimes Guiding star) is the brightest star in the constellation Ursa Minor. It is very close to the north celestial pole, making it the current northern pole star.
Which is the smallest ocean in the world in terms of area?
With an area of 12 million square kilometers (5 million square miles), the Arctic Ocean is the smallest ocean - more than five times smaller than the Indian and Atlantic oceans.
What was Muhammad Ali's original name?
Muhammad Ali, original name Cassius Marcellus Clay, Jr. (born January 17, 1942, Louisville, Kentucky, U.S.), American professional boxer and social activist. Ali was the first fighter to win the world heavyweight championship on three separate occasions; he successfully defended this title 19 times.
Are cashews a seed or a nut?
Cashew nuts are actually the kidney-shaped seeds that adhere to the bottom of the cashew apple, the fruit of the cashew tree, which is native to the coastal areas of northeastern Brazil.
Can pure water conduct electricity?
A solution conducts current when positive and negative ions are randomly dissolved in it. Pure water doesn't have enough ions but when you add HCl you add a strong electrolyte so, after the addition, solution can conduct electricity very well.
Which is the only planet that rotates clockwise?
If you were to look down at the plane of the solar system from its 'north pole' you would see the planets orbiting the Sun counter clockwise, and rotating on their axis counterclockwise. Except for Venus. Venus would be rotating clockwise as it orbited the Sun counterclockwise. Venus is not alone.
What causes hail to form?
A: Hail is caused when raindrops are lifted up into the atmosphere during a thunderstorm and then supercooled by temperatures below freezing, turning them into ice balls, says Dr. Dick Orville of Texas A&M University. "The faster the updraft on these balls of ice, the bigger they can grow," he adds.
When was the smiley face invented?
In 1963, Harvey Ball, an American commercial artist, was employed by State Mutual Life Assurance Company of Worcester, Massachusetts (now known as Hanover Insurance) to create a happy face to raise the morale of the employees.
How many trees are cut down in a minute?
This corresponds to a loss of approximately 100 acres or 2,000 trees per minute. An estimated 140 species of rainforest plants and animals go extinct every day.
What does quid pro quo literally mean?
The Latin phrase quid pro quo literally means something for something. In practice, it's an equal exchange or substitution that one individual makes with another…
Why is Clifford the big red dog SO BIG?
Most of us know the story of Clifford the Big Red Dog: being born the runt of a litter of puppies; no one expected him to grow very big, but when Emily Elizabeth chose him as her friend, she gave so much love to her tiny ball of fur that he grew over 25 feet tall.
Is chalk a rock or mineral?
Chalk /ˈtʃɔːk/ is a soft, white, porous sedimentary rock, a form of limestone composed of the mineral calcite. Calcite is calcium carbonate or CaCO3.
What is the percentage of nitrogen gas in the air?
It is primarily composed of nitrogen (78%) and oxygen (21%) with only small concentrations of other trace gases. Nearly all atmospheric water vapor or moisture is found in the troposphere, so it is the layer where most of Earth's weather takes place.
Who played Walt Disney in Saving Mr Banks?
The Story Behind Saving Mr. Banks, Starring Tom Hanks as Walt Disney. When Walt Disney's daughters were young, they loved a little book about a magical (and slightly sadistic) nanny named Mary Poppins. He promised them that he would someday make a movie out of the series, and 20 years later, he delivered.
When did Halley's comet appear?
Halley's comet will next appear in the night sky in the year 2062. It orbits the sun every 75-76 years, so this is the time between appearances. Halley's comet was recorded by Edmund Halley in 1682. It was seen again in 1758, 1835, 1910, and 1986.
How many points do you get for a bullseye in archery?
In archery the term bullseye is not used, the centre being referred to as the Gold. Hitting the most central ring of an international target is worth 10 points, or an Imperial target 9 points in target archery. In darts it is 5 foot 8 inches (1.73m) above the floor.
Who invented the sunshine recorder?
The Campbell–Stokes recorder (sometimes called a Stokes sphere) is a kind of sunshine recorder. It was invented by John Francis Campbell in 1853 and modified in 1879 by Sir George Gabriel Stokes. The original design by Campbell consisted of a glass sphere set into a wooden bowl with the sun burning a trace on the ...
How deep is the deepest part of the Indian Ocean?
The Indian Ocean's average depth is 12,990 feet (3,960 metres), and its deepest point, in the Sunda Deep of the Java Trench off the southern coast of Java, is 24,442 feet (7,450 metres).
Which is the largest freshwater lake in the world?
Lake Superior is the largest freshwater lake in the world in area (if Lakes Michigan and Huron are taken separately; see Lake Michigan–Huron), and the third largest in volume, behind Lake Baikal in Siberia and Lake Tanganyika in East Africa.
What percentage of the earth's water is frozen?
Of the three percent of the water that is not in the ocean, about 69 percent is locked up in glaciers and icecaps. Ninety percent of that frozen water is in Antarctica and about nine percent covers Greenland. Of the remaining freshwater, 30 percent of it is groundwater, captured below our feet.
When did Paul Revere say the redcoats are coming?
On the evening of April 18, 1775, Paul Revere was sent for by Dr. Joseph Warren and instructed to ride to Lexington, Massachusetts, to warn Samuel Adams and John Hancock that British troops were marching to arrest them.
Which composer lost his hearing?
Although Beethoven gradually lost his hearing, he continued composing. He composed many of the most famous musical works of all time, such as his Ninth Symphony, after he had become totally deaf.
What band has the most Grammys?
That night he also won the Best New Artist award. With a total of 22 Grammy Award, U2 has received the most awards of any group in history. Both the King of Pop and Santana hold the record for the most Grammys awarded in a single night.
What island did they film cast away on?
Cast Away was filmed on the island of Monuriki, Fiji, in the Mamanuca Islands off the coast of Viti Levu, Fiji's largest island. A map can be found here. Monuriki is located in the upper left-hand corner near the larger island of Matamanoa.
What does the name of the earth mean?
All of the planets, except for Earth, were named after Greek and Roman gods and godesses. The name Earth is an English/German name which simply means the ground. It comes from the Old English words 'eor(th)e' and 'ertha'. In German it is 'erde'.
Why is it bad luck to walk under a ladder?
An open ladder forms a triangle, and triangles were once considered a symbol of life, so walking through that shape was considered tempting your fate. It is also thought that because it has three sides, the triangle symbolizes the Holy Trinity, and “breaking” it by entering the triangle is bad luck.
Who was the first non human to win an Oscar in 1932?
* When, in 1932, Walt Disney won the first of his many Oscars for the creation of Mickey Mouse, the Press tagged Mickey as the "first non-human to win an Oscar."
When was the slogan Just Do It Created?
It was agency co-founder Dan Wieden who coined the now-famous slogan "Just Do It" for a 1988 Nike ad campaign, which was chosen by Advertising Age as one of the top five ad slogans of the 20th century and enshrined in the Smithsonian Institution.
Why is a dog's nose wet?
Wet Nose, Cool Body. Moist noses are also one of the ways that canines can regulate body temperature and cool down. “Dogs don't have normal sweat glands, like people,” says Dr. King, “so they secrete sweat from the pads of their feet and their noses.”
What year was Santa Claus Is Coming To Town made?
Santa Claus Is Comin' to Town is a 1970 stop motion television special, made by Rankin-Bass. The film stars actor Fred Astaire as the narrator S.D. Kluger, Mickey Rooney as Kris Kringle/Santa Claus, Keenan Wynn as the Winter Warlock, and Paul Frees in various roles.
What does the PT mean in PT cruiser?
The PT Cruiser was designed by Bryan Nesbitt, who later also styled the Chevrolet HHR. The name "PT Cruiser" includes the initialism PT, standing for "Personal Transport" and designating the car's platform as well as production code.
How many ants are there in the world?
But no-one knows how many ants there are in the world. The BBC Four documentary claims they number not 10,000 trillion but 100 trillion, though it still suggests the total weight of ants equals the total weight of humans.
Search Results
How many times a day do people lie?
The hard-to-believe figure, which of course includes the many innocent “white lies” we hear each day, was given further credence in a 2002 study by Robert Feldman of the University of Massachusetts, who found that on average, people told two to three lies in a ten-minute conversation.
What part of the atom determines its chemical properties?
However, the properties of the electrons of an atom are determined in large part by the number of protons present in the nucleus of the atom. The number of neutrons generally has a neglegible effect upon the properties of the electrons which are of chemical significance.
What determines a person's blood type?
A person's ABO type is determined by the presence or absence of the A or B substance on his red cells. A person can have one or the other (types A or B respectively), both (type AB), or neither (type O). A blood protein which was discovered in 1940.
What animal is the Beast in Disney's Beauty and the Beast?
The Beast is not of any one species of animal, but a chimera, a mixture of several animals. He has the head structure and horns of a buffalo, the arms and body of a bear, the eyebrows of a gorilla, the jaws, teeth, and mane of a lion, the tusks of a wild boar and the legs and tail of a wolf.
Do sea otters have pockets?
Under each foreleg, the sea otter has a loose pouch of skin that extends across the chest. In this pouch (preferentially the left one), the animal stores collected food to bring to the surface. This pouch also holds a rock, unique to the otter, that is used to break open shellfish and clams.
Where did bacon come from?
However, well into the 16th Century in England, bacon or “bacoun” was colloquially used to refer to any kind of pork. In the 17th Century, we finally see “bacon” being used exclusively to refer to salted and smoked pork belly, what we would recognize as bacon.
How many symphonies did Mozart write?
For years this was categorized as a Mozart symphony, but later scholarship determined that it was actually composed by Michael Haydn (No. 25), and Mozart wrote only the slow introduction for it. The three final symphonies (Nos. 39-41) were completed in about three months in 1788.
When was Homer Simpson born?
Homer was born on May 12, 1955. He was raised on a farm by his parents, Mona and Abraham Simpson. In the mid-1960s, while Homer was between nine and twelve years old, Mona went into hiding following a run-in with the law. Homer attended Springfield High School and fell in love with Marge Bouvier in 1974.
Who helped us in the Revolutionary War?
In the American Revolutionary War (1775–1783), France fought alongside the United States, against Britain, in 1778. French money, munitions, soldiers and naval forces proved essential to America's victory over the Crown, but France gained little except large debts.
What was the Beatles first number one single?
Although some will say Please Please Me was The Beatles' first number one single, it was their next single, From Me To You, which topped the Record Retailer chart – which later became the Official UK Singles Chart – on May 2 1963.
What makes up all living things?
The six most common elements in living things are carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen, phosphorus, and sulfur. Atoms of these elements combine and form thousands of large molecules. These large molecules make up the structures of cells and carry out many processes essential to life.
How long does it take for sunlight to reach the earth?
Sunlight takes about 8.3 minutes to reach the Earth from the surface of the Sun. A photon starting at the centre of the sun and changing direction every time it encounters a charged particle would take between 10 000 and 170 000 years to get to the surface.
When was pizza made?
Supposedly, this pizza was first created by the baker Raffaele Esposito in Naples. His creation was immediately a favorite, and Esposito was called to make a pizza for the visit of King Umberto and Queen Margherita of Italy in 1889.
Did the Chinese invent pizza?
The “myth” that the Chinese invented pizza (and pasta) is the Chinese equivalent of this running joke. The entire joke goes something like this: Marco Polo went back to Italy and tried to teach people how to make Chinese noodles. They failed and ended up with pasta instead.
Which planet was named after the Roman god of war?
Mars is named after the Roman god of war. The planet got its name from the fact that it is the color of blood. Other civilizations also named the planets for its red color. Jupiter was the Roman king of the gods.
What speed are most vinyl records?
Vinyl records are produced to be played at one of three speeds: 33 1/3 RPM, 45 RPM, and 78 RPM. You will almost never deal with 78 RPM records, so don't worry about that. Most full-size 12-inch records will be 33 1/3 RPM, though some — mainly EPs and maxi-singles — will be at 45 RPM.
How big is the London Eye?
The London Eye holds 32 capsules (although it is possible to board capsule number 33 as number 13 has been skipped). Visits last for one rotation, which takes about 30 minutes, and during that time visitors rise to a peak height of 443ft (135m).
Who was the man to walk on the moon?
Apollo 11 was the spaceflight that landed the first humans on the Moon, Americans Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin, on July 20, 1969, at 20:18 UTC. Armstrong became the first to step onto the lunar surface six hours later on July 21 at 02:56 UTC.
Are turkeys from Turkey?
Though it is native to eastern Africa, the guinea fowl was imported to Europe through the Ottoman Empire and came to be called the turkey-cock or turkey-hen. When settlers in the New World began to send similar-looking fowl back to Europe, they were mistakenly called turkeys.
Can a shark blink with both eyes?
Sharks have eyelids, but they do not blink because the surrounding water cleans their eyes. To protect their eyes some species have nictitating membranes. This membrane covers the eyes while hunting and when the shark is being attacked.
What do Canadians celebrate on Thanksgiving?
Thanksgiving Day in Canada has been a holiday on the second Monday of October since 1957. It is a chance for people to give thanks for a good harvest and other fortunes in the past year. Thanksgiving Day in Canada is linked to the European tradition of harvest festivals.
Can you feel pain in your brain?
There are no pain receptors in the brain itself. But he meninges (coverings around the brain), periosteum (coverings on the bones), and the scalp all have pain receptors. Surgery can be done on the brain and technically the brain does not feel that pain. With that said, the brain is the tool we use to detect pain.
What do the three monkeys mean?
The three monkeys are Mizaru, covering his eyes, who sees no evil; Kikazaru, covering his ears, who hears no evil; and Iwazaru, covering his mouth, who speaks no evil. There are various meanings ascribed to the monkeys and the proverb including associations with being of good mind, speech and action.
Who was the first woman to win a gold medal in the Olympics?
Hélène de Pourtalès became the first female Olympic champion as part of the winning team in the 1-2 ton sailing event. Charlotte Cooper was the first woman to win an individual Olympic event after winning the women's singles tennis competition.
How fast is earth rotation?
The circumference of the Earth at the equator is 25,000 miles. The Earth rotates in about 24 hours. Therefore, if you were to hang above the surface of the Earth at the equator without moving, you would see 25,000 miles pass by in 24 hours, at a speed of 25000/24 or just over 1000 miles per hour.
Where does the word robot come from?
The word robot was introduced in 1920 in a play by Karel Capek called R.U.R. , or Rossum's Universal Robots. Robot comes from the Czech word robota, meaning forced labour or drudgery. In the play, human-like mechanical creatures produced in Rossum's factory are docile slaves.
Can a cow run fast?
Though I have never clocked one of our cows (we raise beef cattle, not dairy) I would guess they could run up to 15 or 20 mph, though they wouldn't run that fast for very long.
Who illustrated Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone?
This special edition of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone has a gorgeous new cover illustration by Kazu Kibuishi. Inside is the full text of the original novel, with decorations by Mary GrandPre. Harry Potter has never been the star of a Quidditch team, scoring points while riding a broom far above the ground.